# Construction Of Simple Transaction

This example shows how simple transactions can be constructed through the various Radix Engine Toolkit wrappers.

The manifest constructed in this example is a rather simple one: a lock fee from the faucet followed by a `DROP_ALL_PROOFS`. It's meant to be a very simple manifest that can be submitted and accepted by the network. This manifest is constructed through the `ManifestBuilder`, other examples show how `TransactionManifest` objects can be created from string instructions.

Transaction construction happens through the `TransactionBuilder`. The notary in this case is chosen to be an ephemeral private key which is generated by the example code through the secure random implementations available in the various different languages.

## Running the Examples

All of the examples contain a `run.sh` bash script that runs the example when called.

## Outcomes

After going through this example, you should be able to:

* Create random private keys through the secure random features of your respective programming language.
* Derive the public key associated with a private key.
* Derive the virtual account address associated with a public key (in combination with the three points above, it means that you should be able to create random keys and random accounts).
* Generate random nonces to use for transactions.
* Construct manifests and transactions through the Radix Engine Toolkit builders.
* Find the transaction id of transactions prior to submitting them.
* The static validation of transaction manifests prior submission and prior to the construction of transactions.
* Convert addresses to strings and print them.
* Convert manifests to strings and print them.
* Convert transaction hashes to strings and print them.

## Non Goals

* Showing how to code up a Gateway or CoreAPI client. Such clients are simple to write: all they do is make HTTP requests, parse the data, and return it. This is why all of the examples use a Mock Gateway API client with the correct interfaces but no implementation.